now it's the DHD way so what happens we
have two sides of the equation we have
the advertising side and the searching
side so on this what does inside we have
step one find piers closer to the CID we
want or this the CID we are advertising
step two select the best twenty years
for that Jackie and then we have
provided records to those twenty appears
and provide the record is a CID plus the
pier ID so we have this little drawing
here that explains a little bit about
what happens okay much better
so both so on the advertising side this
is hard okay so we send to provide the
records to all the neighbors of the by
the zone that we want that's basically
the CID and the PID the the peers that
are closer to the CID zone so in the
searching side first we get the
providers and this is a tentative
process so we ask for providers and
sometimes we get ok I have the providers
here we go sometimes we have oh no I I
don't have to provide us but I have some
some closer peers so I send you back the
peers and then I do ask again for
providers and the final step is like
okay find the peers now and when we find
the peers we get multi others back when
we have multi others we can connect to
those peers and actually get the content
and after that is a bit swap so
so we have more ways but no no we can
have more ways to the content routing
instead of the DHT it's done
[Applause]